Why don't you get up?
You are also for the sake of Governor Qin
How could I punish
Governor Qin's amateur group will be handed over to you.
Yan family watch
Absolutely cannot be packed.
Don't worry, I'm here.
I won't let him run away
How did it go?
Now you know the difference between the two of you.
I suggest you let it go
You are not a time at all
I won't give up on him.
The whole family suffers
What's the use of you
He bowed his head too much and didn't get it back.
I'm afraid my son will get in
The head of the family, Ye Feifan, has a lot of yielding
He has the strength of Hu Shenxian
Ye Feifan, the head of the Ye family, is indeed a little troubled
Let's be careful
Hmph, a Red Dust Immortal stopped you
The rumors are indeed true
It took less than a day for the compilation to arrive in his hands.
He actually broke through the wonderland of red dust
Ask the master for mercy
I will do my best.
Young master rescued
Get one back
screenshot
Our Ye family doesn't need a trash like you.
Ye Feifan
You really surprised me.
Let me wear filial piety to that hemp
He also deserves to wait for me to get the Tai Chi Soil back
Breaking the saint record is just around the corner
Then I will extinguish your family in advance.
Do what you have to do
After the event
Your advantage is indispensable.
I'm leaving now.